{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh13900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We are writing a project in Rust to help map out the local \'93web terrain\'94 around our favorite sites. We would like some help drafting a full specification \
\
Take in a TOML configuration file; It will have the following variables:\
max-depth,\
max-conncurent-pages-open, \
minimum-time-on-page,\
max-domain-requests\
\
Additionally, it will have the following 3 sections\
- quality list,\
- black list,\
- stub list\
\
The quality is a list is a list of domains that we are interested in knowing what they link to.\
The black list is a list of domains we have no interest in. Record that they link there in a separate place, but do not vist the website. \
The stub list is a list of domains we do not want to crawl, but have pages that we may be interested in. When a page in one of these domains is linked, record the page but do not visit. \
\
\
The instructions for crawling are as follows:\
- for each domain in the quality list, visit every page it links to that you have not visited before. If a link is in the blacklist, do not visit the link, but record the page that was linked as a blacklisted page. If a link is in the stub list do not visit the link, but record the page that was linked as a stub page.  \
- Recursively crawl every new domain that is discovered that is not in the black list or the stub list, up to max-depth layers of recursion.\
- Please make these requests in parallel up to max-conncurent-pages-open\
- After reading in the webpage, wait minimum-time-on-page before requests can be made for that page.\
- Do not make more than max-domain-requests to any domain.\
\
\
Crawling should be done in a responsible way that respects robot.txt files, and can\'92t be mistaken for a DDoS  or even be annoying to the domains. \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Please ask any questions you have as you flesh out this very rough specification.}